All right, so the mission was to
not only deal with signing up.
But then the other part of the process,
which is seeding the database, and
then signing in with an additional user,
or with our existing user.
The other thing that I kinda have is that
failure mode that we were talking about as
well, where we'll both seed
the database with a user and
then try to sign up as that user and
see each of those kind of like play out.
So if we kind of even think
about the failure mode piece and
kind of turn this on to the only thing
that we're gonna do, And just so
you can kinda see the end state, which is
getting this, this is signing with users.
It doesn't exist.
So this one is resetting it.
You could also have
the failure mode as well.
So you can set everything as you
need to get the conditions that
are necessary right.
So this one will reset the database.
Sign in with a user doesn't exist.
Same thing with seed, we can also sign up.
They're all kind of variations on a theme.
But here, yeah,
the one that you were tasked with,
we simply see the database and that is
half the process that we had before.
But the one thing, I mean,
there's two kind of parts that are still
problematic about our
original problem statement.
One is that even going through all
these steps like watching the test,
there was only three tests that ran.
Before you watch the entire set,
it's still kind
of taking a while before
we get to that final page.
Cuz again, we've gotta go through,
we gotta fill in these forms,
we gotta sign everything up.
So one option is, yeah,
to mock this stuff out.
Because again,
if that's not what you're seeking to test,
if you're testing the does filtering
the posts, work the way that I
expected to then the hammering in
true end to end test on a login.
Just testing that when you already
have end to end test the test
the login is costly on time.
If you're using GitHub Actions,
you're paying by the minute.
So both in your time,
which is worth money, but
also your money,
which is worth money, as well.
So kind of getting both of those and
considering both of those is,
I think useful, but in this case,
we have the ability to state it.
We're gonna start with the more
immediate problem, which rather than
the fact that it's costly, and time, and
potentially money, it's also real tedious.
Not just for the test to run,
but for you to type this, right?
You have a bunch of options.
Like I said before, it's JavaScript,
you can make a function, right?
And that function can run
these four lines of code.
Yeah, totally.
Maybe that's the right choice, too.
The one disadvantage there, as we all
know, is then you play the import game,
right, as you're kind of importing all
these files everywhere just to do a very
common thing.
But it works.
The other option, of course,
is to get a slightly different syntax,
where we would love to say, hey, Cypress.
Sign in or sign up.
Now, Cyprus can't really offer
this to us out of the box cuz
the peculiarities of your signup form or
your sign-in form is probably unique
to the application you work on, right?
But what they can do is give you
the ability to write your own
additional command and
just attach it basically, yeah,
the ability to extend ciphers
with what you want to do.
So these are called commands.
And again,
they give us additional methods on top of
the normal set on the cipher
object the site object rather and
what the syntax looks like
is totally up to you.
In this case, I literally just lifted the
code that we had from the previous test.
And I put it in a command called
signIn that will take a user
object that ideally has a email and
password and
then will go look for
all the right objects, right?
Whatever, like whatever you need to do for
your situation will work.
But this is basically a way to take
common things and bash them together and
the ability to pass in arguments in case
you need to have some programmability,
right?
Again, it's just JavaScript.
You can have any conditionals in there
that you want, you can do any string and
interpolation that you need,
so on and so forth, right?
So, now, instead of if we wanted
to kinda test the sign-in form,
we could theoretically go in there and
seed the database, right?
Cuz we probably wanna keep
that separate from sign-in.
Cuz we had all those different cases like,
I wanna see what the user and
I want it to fail cuz
the user already exists.
I don't want that user to exist.
So on and so forth, right?
Sign in, we want them to exist.
Sign up, we want them to not exist.
And so,
we can kinda set all of those things up.